hi everyone welcome back and these are
the latest to pieces I made for my
spring/summer capsule the top of course
is McLouth 6754 and the skirt is a
double knit skirt from McCall's i'll put
the number down here because i don't
know it by heart um what could I say
about this top well blend this good it
falls right at my hip line which is a
very good spot for it to hit you when
you are curvy like I am you do not want
it to be below your hip line because
that adds volume and make you look
bigger I would say as for sizing you
want to go with whatever size and you
make in knit top so if you look at the
measurements and you go down a size
that's what to do if you do a petite
adjustment whatever you do to your knits
that is what you want to do for this top
one thing I will point out is that when
you're doing the neckline go very slowly
you don't want to stretch the neck line
as you go I did not add any total tape
or any type of reinforcement for the
neckline because I didn't want to I
didn't want to do anything that would
regret later so i decided that i'm just
going to go as part of pattern feel free
if you think that by adding some type of
stabilization is going to make forum for
longer where you go about and do that
the other thing I did is that I did not
add the elastic to the waistline it is
recommended but I don't really think
that you need it as far as I see if I
want to add any type of shaping or
anything to this top I'm going to use a
belt that's
I'm gonna do and it fits fine you'll see
when you look at the finish photos what
else do I like you know what I like
about this top the peplum isn't really
exaggerated you know sometimes when you
make when you see these peplum tops the
flounce is like sticking out is huge it
lays really nice and then up here it has
the receipt of Raglan shoulders there is
um this dark right here that's another
design feature it doesn't stick out or
anything it's a good length for exerts
and is it I would say make it
because it's easy it took me like about
two to three hours to get it done I did
it on a Saturday morning watching TV see
which is usually what I'm doing when I'm
sewing early on saturday morning and
that's basically it all right it's time
to show you the looks of the day for the
first look I'm featuring 3.net basics
for the Wardrobe a double-knit jackets
and I don't care if you don't work in an
office a double knit jacket is a great
water basic you could always pair it up
with a tea instant jeans if you are a
stay-at-home mom a solid knit tee
preferably made out of a rayon spandex
blend or a poly lycra blend so it won't
wash out easily and a double knit skirts
salad or pattern doesn't matter they are
very very versatile in your closet this
time around I made one out of stripes
because straps are really hot this year
so I chose to go with a black and white
version to add to my closet these pieces
make for a great work outfits I wore
this look last Saturday I had a 730
morning medical appointment so I paired
up the peplum top with my slim slouch
jeans and black ankle strap wedges for a
comfortable casual look with just a
touch of effort my last look is a big
night look we do a lot of impromptu date
nights ruined a week in the summer so
I'm planning ahead I paired up the
peplum top with the stripe double knit
skirt a skinny black belt with some
flour loops so I won't have to wear a
much jewelry and to give it some pop my
new electrifying blue suede pumps
guaranteed to get attention I hope you
enjoyed the review and looks and have a
wonderful week